Update answer-auto-attendant-and-call-queue-calls.md (#5744)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/answer-auto-attendant-and-call-queue-calls.md

To receive auto attendant and call queue calls on Microsoft Teams, you need to configure your interoperability policy and upgrade policy. Please review [Migration and interoperability for organizations using Teams together with Skype for Business](migration-interop-guidance-for-teams-with-skype.md). If you do not have auto attendant and/or call queue configured and would like to do so, see [Set up a Cloud auto attendant](create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md) and [Create a Cloud call queue](create-a-phone-system-call-queue.md).

## Known Issues

> When a call queue agents receives a call on their mobile device, calls may go on hold if the device is locked. User must unlock device first and then answer the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a call queue agent receives a call on a mobile device, the call may go on hold if the device is locked. The agent must unlock the device first and then answer the call.
```
